Notes about using ansible based deployment (#186)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/con_ansible-based-deployment.adoc

[id="ansible-based-deployment_{context}"]

> = Tech Preview: Ansible based deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=  Ansible-based deployment of Service Telemetry Framework
```
We don't signal tech preview items in the title

include::../common/tech_preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_abstract"]

> As of wallaby/OSP17.0, you can preview the use of ansible instead of puppet for deploying {Project} ({ProjectShort}) components. The use of ansible has the following advantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of wallaby/OSP17.0, you can preview the use of Ansible instead of puppet for deploying {Project} ({ProjectShort}) components. The use of Ansible has the following advantages:
```

> As of wallaby/OSP17.0, you can preview the use of Ansible instead of puppet for deploying {Project} ({ProjectShort}) components. The use of Ansible has the following advantages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of wallaby/OSP17.0, you can preview the use of Ansible instead of Puppet for deploying {Project} ({ProjectShort}) components. The use of Ansible has the following advantages:
```

* Consolidation of config under a single service-specific THT variable (MetricsQdrVars and CollectdVars)

> * The ability to switch QDR modes from mesh-mode to edge-only and back (NEEDS RE-TESTING!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ability to switch QDR modes from mesh-mode to edge-only and back
```

> * Fewer technologies used in the deployment stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fewer technologies used in the deployment stack, resulting in a simpler debug process
```

> * Fewer technologies used in the deployment stack (less to debug!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fewer technologies used in the deployment stack
```

Reviewer 2: Fewer technologies used in the deployment stack, resulting in a simpler debug process 

? @JoanneOFlynn2018

Reviewer: +1 I'll update that!

> To use the ansible based deployment, substitute the word "ansible" in place of "puppet" in the resource_registry section of your stf-connectors.yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the ansible-based deployment, substitute the word "ansible" in place of "puppet" in the resource_registry section of your `stf-connectors.yaml` file:
```

Reviewer 2: Ansible-based ?

For the scare-quotes, should we just use underbars (italics, emphasis) or wrap in backticks for literal?

Reviewer 2: I'd also wrap resource_registry in backticks or underbars

Reviewer: Yes, I'll wrap resource_registry in backticks, but I *think* ansible and puppet remain in double quotes.

> To use the ansible-based deployment, substitute the word "ansible" in place of "puppet" in the resource_registry section of your `stf-connectors.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Ansible-based deployment, substitute the word "ansible" in place of "puppet" in the `resource_registry` section of your `stf-connectors.yaml` file:
```

[source,yaml,options="nowrap"]
----
    OS::TripleO::Services::Collectd: /usr/share/openstack-tripleo-heat-templates/deployment/metrics/collectd-container-ansible.yaml
    OS::TripleO::Services::MetricsQdr: /usr/share/openstack-tripleo-heat-templates/deployment/metrics/qdr-container-ansible.yaml
----

> To set configuration, the new service-specific THT variables are prefered, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the configuration, use the new service-specific THT variables, as shown in the following example:
```

Reviewer 2: Don't we normally just drop the "as shown in the following example"? We're not supposed to make reference to above/below?

Reviewer: @leifmadsen 

We can't use above and below, you are correct!

This is a concept module containing multiple one-step procedures so it's a bit of a weird one. I included "as shown in the following example" to be explicit. Overkil?

[id="ansible-based-deployment_{context}"]
= Tech Preview: Ansible based deployment

include::../common/tech_preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_abstract"]

> As of wallaby/OSP17.0, you are able to preview the use of ansible instead of puppet for deploying STF components. The key advantages are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of wallaby/OSP17.0, you can preview the use of ansible instead of puppet for deploying {Project} ({ProjectShort}) components. The use of ansible has the following advantages:
```

> * Consolidation of config under a single service-specific THT variable (MetricsQdrVars and CollectdVars)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Consolidation of configuration under a single service-specific THT variable (MetricsQdrVars and CollectdVars)
```

Reviewer 2: 👍🏻
